README.md, before:

# Project Title

Write a 1-2 sentences that quickly and clearly convey what your repo is for.

## Overview

Expand on those introductory sentences with a brief but informative description of your project's purpose and goals. This section should help visitors decide whether they should dig deeper into your repo/project.

### Interesting Insight (Optional)

This is optional but highly recommended. You'll include one interesting insight from your project as part of the README. This insight is most effective when you include a visual. Keep in mind that this visual must be included as an image file (e.g., JPG, PNG, etc.). You can export plots created with `{ggplot2}` by using the function `ggsave`.

## Data Sources and Acknowledgements

Be sure to list where you got any data used within the project. Be sure to acknowledge any one whose work or elements you're drawing upon.

## Current Plan

Provide some information about what you intend to doe with the project. You can additionally refer the visitor to your detailed plan document.

## Repo Structure

Use this section to explain the structure of your repo. This should help visitors quickly figure out where they should look to find certain elements. Further, you can use this space to highlight and briefly explain important/key files in the repo.


## Authors

Give information about who are the authors of the project and how people can get in touch if they have questions.

Commit message:

Revise README with project title and goals
Updated README to include project title and clarify project goals.

README.md, after:

# Project Title
Netflix Data set

## Overview

Expand on those introductory sentences with a brief but informative description of your project's purpose and goals. This section should help visitors decide whether they should dig deeper into your repo/project.

### Interesting Insight (Optional)

This is optional but highly recommended. You'll include one interesting insight from your project as part of the README. This insight is most effective when you include a visual. Keep in mind that this visual must be included as an image file (e.g., JPG, PNG, etc.). You can export plots created with `{ggplot2}` by using the function `ggsave`.

## Data Sources and Acknowledgements

Be sure to list where you got any data used within the project. Be sure to acknowledge any one whose work or elements you're drawing upon.

## Current Plan

we intend to draw ready and ongoing inferences with Netflix data. 
## Repo Structure

Use this section to explain the structure of your repo. This should help visitors quickly figure out where they should look to find certain elements. Further, you can use this space to highlight and briefly explain important/key files in the repo.


## Authors

Give information about who are the authors of the project and how people can get in touch if they have questions.
